"Couldn't find the file or directory.  Make sure that you have entered the correct directory pathname and filename."
"Couldn't find the directory.  Make sure that you have entered the correct directory pathname."
""@1" cannot be accessed because it's currently in use or is a Read Only file."
"The drive you entered does not exist.  The available drives are shown at the bottom of the window."
"The directory "@1" is currently open and cannot be deleted."
"This disk is write protected.  The write protection tab must be removed before you can perform this operation."
"The drive you specified does not exist.  The available drives are shown at the bottom of the window."
"Couldn't find a formatted disk in the drive."
"A file or directory with the same name already exists."
"You cannot copy or move a file to itself."
"You cannot copy or move "@1" to one of its own subdirectories."
"The destination already contains a directory named "@1".  It cannot be overwritten because it contains the item you are moving or copying."
"You cannot perform this operation with the root directory."
"Couldn't open the directory.  You already have the maximum number of 32 directories open."
"Please re-enter the name using a valid name format.  For directories and DOS files, use the standard DOS format.  For PC/GEOS applications and documents, the name can be up to 32 characters long."
""@1" is not an application or document that can be opened."
"You cannot format the drive containing the PC/GEOS system software."
"There is not enough room on the destination disk to copy this file."
"There is not enough memory available to perform this operation."
"Another DOS program is already being launched.  "@1 "cannot be launched at this time."
"Couldn't delete the directory "@1".  It may not be empty."
"This directory contains too many files.  Not all of the filenames can be displayed."
"Couldn't rename the disk."
"Couldn't create the directory "@1".  There may not be enough room on the destination disk."
"A new directory can't be created at this level.  You already have the maximum number of nested directory levels allowed."
"Couldn't delete or rename the directory "@1".  It is a PC/GEOS system directory."
"Please re-enter the volume name using only valid characters."
"An error occurred during this operation.  Please try again."
"Are you sure that you want to delete the directory "@1"? If you click YES, all the files and directories contained in "@1" will be deleted."
"Are you sure that you want to delete "@1"?"
""@1" is a Read Only file.  Are you sure you wish to delete it?"
"A file or directory named "@1" already exists.  Do you wish to overwrite it?"
"Are you sure you wish to delete the selected items?"
""@1" must be skipped because it's currently in use or is a Read Only file.  Do you wish to continue?"
"You're about to format a low density disk using a high density drive.  As long as you only use this disk in high density drives, your files will be safe and accessible.  However, because of inconsistencies between high density and low density drives, you should consider formatting it from a low density drive instead if you plan to use this disk in a low density drive.\\r\\rDo you wish to proceed with the formatting?"
"Are you sure you wish to format this disk without a name?  (The disk will be referred to as "Unnamed".)"
"Please insert the source disk into drive @1."
"Please insert the destination disk into drive @1."
"Copying this disk will take @1 disk swaps.  Do you wish to continue?"
"Are you sure you wish to completely erase the disk "@1 "and overwrite it?"
"Are you sure you wish to completely erase the unnamed disk in drive @1 and overwrite it?"
"Cannot find the application for "@1"."
"Couldn't open "@1".  Unable to load the file."
"Couldn't open "@1"."
"Couldn't open "@1" because a library resource is missing."
""@1" is not an application or document that can be opened."
""@1" is not an application or document that can be opened."
"There is not enough memory available to open "@1".  To free up some memory, close windows and applications that you are not currently using."
""@1" is too new to work correctly with this version of PC/GEOS."
""@1" is too old to work correctly with this version of PC/GEOS."
"The "@1" application is already running in the Professional Workspace."
""@1" is incompatible with this version of PC/GEOS."
"Couldn't locate a library resource for "@1"."
"Couldn't open "@1".  Unable to start a driver needed by "@1"."
"Couldn't open "@1".  Unable to start a resource library needed by "@1"."
"You are in the process of exiting the Professional Workspace.  "@1" cannot be opened at this time."
"The disk format was unsuccessful.  Check the disk."
"The disk format was unsuccessful.  Try again, though this disk may damaged."
"The disk format was unsuccessful.  Try again, though this disk may damaged."
"The disk format was unsuccessful.  Try again, though this disk may damaged."
"The disk format was unsuccessful.  Try again, though this disk may damaged."
"The disk format has been cancelled.  This disk must be formatted again before it can be used."
"This disk contains a file or application that is currently in use.  These items must be closed before the disk can be reformatted."
"This disk is write protected.  The write protection tab must be removed before the disk can be reformatted."
"The disk copy was successful."
"There is not enough memory available to copy the disk.  To free up some memory, close windows and applications that you are not currently using."
"The disk copy was unsuccessful.  The source disk couldn't be read."
"The disk copy was unsuccessful.  The destination disk couldn't be written to.  Try again using a different disk."
"The disk copy has been cancelled.  The destination disk will need to be reformatted before it can be used again."
"The disk copy has been cancelled."
"The disk copy was unsuccessful.  The destination disk may be damaged.  Try again using a different disk."
"The disk copy has been cancelled.  The destination disk will need to be reformatted before it can be used again."
"The disk copy was unsuccessful.  The destination disk contains a file or application that is currently in use.  These items must be closed before you can copy over the disk."
"The disk copy was unsuccessful.  The destination disk is write protected.  To copy over this disk you must first remove the write protection tab."
"(The new name must be in the format FILENAME.EXT)"
(null string)
"A disk is currently being formatted.  Click "Stop Disk Format "to discontinue formatting the disk and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue formatting the disk and remain in PC/GEOS.  If you do nothing, you will exit when the disk format is finished."
"The disk format operation requires attention to continue.  Click "Stop Disk Format" to discontinue formatting the disk and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue formatting the disk and remain in PC/GEOS."
"A disk is currently being copied.  Click "Stop Disk Copy "to discontinue copying the disk and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue copying the disk and remain in PC/GEOS.  If you do nothing, you will exit when the disk copy is finished."
"The disk copy operation requires attention to continue.  Click "Stop Disk Copy" to discontinue copying the disk and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue copying the disk and remain in PC/GEOS."
"A file operation is in progress.  Click "Stop File Operation "to discontinue the file operation and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue the file operation and remain in PC/GEOS.  If you do nothing, you will exit when the file operation is finished."
"The file operation requires attention to continue.  Click "Stop File Operation" to discontinue the file operation and exit now.  Click "Cancel Exit" to continue the file operation and remain in PC/GEOS."
