$Id: README2,v 1.1 96/03/21 12:04:09 jwu Exp $

From: weber@tungsten.seattle.geoworks.com (Eric Weber)
Subject: PPP driver and access points
Date: Tue, 19 Mar 96 11:21:44 PST


Here's a really brief description of access points:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

All of the parameters relating to a single Internet service provider
are grouped into an "access point", which is essentially an init file
category, although it is only accessed through the API in the accpnt
library.  These only apply to outgoing calls.

For an Internet provider, the parameters currently are:
	provider name
	phone number
	user name
	prompt password (see below)
	password (see below)

	modem init string
	ip address for local machine
	ip gateway
	ip network mask
	nameserver address

The only required fields are the ones in the first group, and
possibly the nameserver address.  However, if the provider is using
the Microsoft extensions to the PPP/IPCP protocol, or is running a
DHCP server, we can get the nameserver address automaticly.

If an IP address is provided, we will try to use it, but if the server
wants us to use something different we will.

The IP gateway field is not used.

The network mask controls whether we interpret incoming packets as
broadcasts or not.  If left blank, we will use a default mask based on
the current local address.  If in the process of determining the
nameserver address, we happen to be given a netmask by the DHCP
server, we will use it in preference to the default or user-supplied
masks.

Passwords:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
The password is stored in the clear in the initfile.  This is only
moderately risky, since there is no simple way to view the init file.
The password is never displayed by the UI.

If the "prompt password" boolean is turned on, PPP will not use the
stored password but will put up a dialog just before connecting which
prompts for the password.  This is primarily intended to support
companies which use continuously changing passwords, but it can also
be used to avoid storing a sensitive password in the system.

The provider can authenticate the caller using either of PPP's two
builtin security schemes: PAP or CHAP.  Password Authentication
Protocol (PAP) means they request the password and we send it to them
as clear text.  Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol
(CHAP) means they send us a randomly genereated "challenge" string,
we encrypt it with the password and send it back.  CHAP has the
advantage that an eavesdropper can't get the password. 

By default, we offer to use CHAP but accept anything the server asks
for (i.e. CHAP, PAP, or nothing).  If the Internet provider is also
the GSM provider, they may consider the caller's phone number to be
sufficient authentication and not require any authentication, in which
case the "user name" and "password" settings become irrelevant.

If our software is the server (i.e. PPP answers an incoming data
call), it may or may not demand authentication from the caller, using
either PAP or CHAP, depending on how it is configured.  If
authentication is desired, there is a list of usernames and passwords
in the init file, and the caller must match one of them.


